1- Question
Tell us about yourself?
1- Answer
    Don't tell about yourself, tell about how you can contribute to company
    Tell how you make a difference
    Tell your success
        I have been ...
        My background ...
        ... that is what I am passionate about
    Tell for which fields you are the best candidate
    strength
        My strength is ...
        what I am looking for is .. a company that i could add value, I could produce


    1 min tell about yourself
        - who are you
        - where did you come from
        - where do you live
        - hobbies, some special activities

    3 min tell about professional life
        - your experiences related to the position
        - give practical examples

    1 min
        - show your motivation and  willingness
        - Why would you like to work in this field, in this company
        - What motivates you in this position
        - What is your added value to the team?
        - What are your objectives?

    Elevator Pitch
    1. Who are you ? - give your name
    2. Little background - studies, current job...
    3. Explain, provide context - for ex, the school
    where I studied is well known for...
    4. Make the connection - why do you want
    that the person listen to you ?
    5. Ask - a clear question
    6. Close out of the conversation

    What are your strengths?
    Why should we choose you?
    What are the tasks you don't like to do?
    How long do you plan to stay in the company?
    How do you imagine our working environment?
    What do you expect from your employer?
    What is your professional background?
    What is your greatest achievement?
    Which team member are you?
    What do your friends like/critize about you?
    What would you like to change about yourself?
    How do you deal with critisism?
    Did a book influence your path?
    What is the biggest madness you have ever committed?

    Always answer with "I" not "we"

    CAREER DAYS
    Personal info 30 sec - 1 min 
    Career path 2 min 
    Objectives 1 min

I am Ali Göcmen, I am 35, I am married with two kids. I was born in a small village in Turkey.
I came to Switzerland last year in september. 
I am a Software developer with experiences in C#, Xamarin, Unity. And before my recent experiences 
when I was working for Turkish National Police I worked on databases, so I have experiences also in databases
and with working data.

my background briefly is ... I am a software developer with experiences in C# ...

And also I want to mention that to develop a unity game project I learnt unity at the same time while i was developing. 
I had no knowledge about Unity before I started that project. 
But I successfully finished my tasks on unity because I am good at working with agile methodology.

In my last position, the company was a start up company. And I helped other teams. for example I worked with Data analist on Google Cloud
and I helped them about querying on bigquery. And also I helped other teams on some issues to improve user counts.
So I am a versatile person. 

creative, versatile, focused, 
 I believe that my greatest strength is the ability to solve problems quickly and efficiently.
 enhance user experience
 working with UX researchers, 
 when we had

You can rest assure that I can easly integrate your developer teams, because I worked in my career mostly with teams. I like pair programming.
    