1. Say hello
Create a program that prompts for your name and prints a greeting using your name.

inputs:
1- ask for a string to use it as a welcome message
2- put a submit button

output:
1- show a greeting message 

2. Counting the number of characters
Create a program that prompts for an input string and displays output 
that shows the input string and the number of characters the string contains.

inputs:
1- ask for a string

outputs:
1- string we got
2- length of the string

constraints:
1- the input must be string

3. Printing quotes
Create a program that prompts for a quote and an author. Display the quotation and author as shown here:
[Author] says, "[Quote]" (Replace [Author] and [Quote] with the actual values.

inputs:
1- author name
2- quote

outputs:
message

use variables in output message
4. Mad Lib
Definition: Mad Libs are a simple game where you create a story template with blanks for words. You or another player then construct a list of words and place them into the story, creating an often silly or funny story as result.
4. Mad Lib
Program statement: Create a simple mad-lib program that prompts for a noun, a verb, an adverb, and an adjective and injects those into a story that you create.

inputs
1- guess

output
1- you found it message

use a stroy and hide some words and ask to user to find those hidden words, when user find a word pass to the second word.
define a list which holds all hidden words. assign order numbers as key and words as value. 
check in this order

5. Random password generator
Create a random password generator. The password has to have a length of at least 8 characters, at least 1 digit and 1 special char (_ or -).

inputs:
1- generate button
2- slider to decide the length of psw

output
1- random password

digits: all digits list
letters: all letters list
chars: all characters list
allPossibilities: create a list which includes all letters, all digits and all chars

1- generate a number, use this number as the length of password 
    1a- we can take this number from the user with help of slider
2- run a loop from 0-(length of psw) 
    in every iteration chose one element from our allPossibilities list.
3- end of the loop we can check constraints, 
    - if the res has not 1 digit we can change randomly one element with a digit. in this case we should use digits array.
4- like this way we should check other constraints.

6. Phone number validation
Validate a telephone number, as if written on an input form. 
Telephone numbers can be written as ten digits, or with dashes, spaces, 
or dots between the three segments, or with the area code parenthesized; 
both the area code and any white space between segments are optional.

"-", " ", ".", "(", ")"
10 digits

inputs:
string telNo: the telefon number user typed
submit button

outputs:
validated number
and a message shows it is valid or not
    "Valid" or "Invalid"

1- make a list(telNoChars) with the characters of telNo
2- run a loop for all chars of telNoChars
3- our structure will be like this 0775556666
4- if the first element of telNoChars put a 0 at the first place
5- then put the other digits in the order like structure
6- put spaces at 3.and 6.positions
7- if the length of result is 10 it is valid
show the result